New: announcing-schedule-dcus (#79)
djangocon/2025.djangocon.us: src/_content/posts/announcing-schedule-dcus.md

---
author: DjangoCon US Communications Team
category: General

> published_datetime: 2025-07-26 06:00:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
published_datetime: 2025-07-28 12:00:00
```

cover:
    url: /assets/img/2025/54089577525_de6f9bcb72_w.jpg
    alt: "Sheena O'Connell speaking at DjangoCon US 2024"
title: "The DjangoCon US 2025 schedule has been released!"
---

We are beyond thrilled to unveil the 2025 DjangoCon US [talk lineup](/schedule/). We'll have three days of talks on September 8-10, and two days of sprints on September 11-12.

> We will have three keynote speakers which will be announced over the next several weeks. Stay tuned to our [Mastodon](https://fosstodon.org/@djangocon) and [news feed](/news/) for the announcements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will have three keynote speakers which will be announced over the next couple of weeks. Stay tuned to our [Mastodon](https://fosstodon.org/@djangocon) and [news feed](/news/) for the announcements.
```
